We're almost done with this section.
We worked a lot with Reactive the forms now and in the last lecture at the end of it with the asynchronous
validator you saw that the status of this input switch from invalid to pending to ballot for example
there actually is a form state you can track.
In general I'll do this here an engine in it on my sign up for him.
And on each control of this form so on get any control to you have to observables you can listen to
status changes.
And value changes.
So let's listen to value changes.
As mentioned is not searchable so we can subscribe to it.
And as the first argument we passed it called Egg which is executed when new data arrives so this will
be the value because we're listening to value changes that we can lock the value here.
So if we do this have a look at our form if I type something here you see with every keystroke.
The object here is print that the value of the form actually does make sense because the value change
is fired whenever we change something about the form.
So whenever we type into any input.
So this is value changes.
And again you can also call this on the individual forum control and vote copy doesn't and commented
out because we also have status changes.
So here we received a status.
Now let's view this here.
If I type something you see invalid because the form is invalid.
If I type something in here where we have the asynchronous validator you'll see it switch to pending.
And then after 1 enough seconds to Valot So the status changes and value changes to nice hooks observables
you can listen to or you can subscribe to if you really want to closely watch what happens in your forum
or again on individual control and want to react to that.